
NASA had arranged for the Xplorer_I crew to transfer to the space
shuttle _Columbus_ at the end of a two week scientific mission notable
for including the first Palestinian astronaut, Maj. Hassan al-XX.  The
commander, Jeff Reginard, had know Andrea for years.

"Salāmu `Alaykum", al-XX greeted Mercuriou fervently, kissing both his
cheeks after shaking his hand during introductions, then helping the
Xplorer_I crew stow their personal belongings in the attached
Spacehab.

After both crews enjoyed dinner, al-XX sailed over to the galley,
opened his personal compartment, and pulled out a bottle of arak.
Somehow, he turned so that the green, red and black striped flag on
his right shoulder seemed more noticable than before.

"Captain, you may live the rest of your life as a dog in an American
kennel, but tonight we behave like men."

Andrea raised an eyebrow as al-XX passed the milky white liquor.

"Just out of curiosity, major, what would be the Muslim solution to
the Xplorer_I theft?  Cut off his hand?"

Al-XX shrugged.  "So what if it is?  Is the loss of a hand too great a
price to pay for freedom?  We have our checks and balances, too."

Reginard audibly exhaled.  "I think I like our checks and balances
better."

"Really?!  Let's ask the victim, then - Captain Mercuriou, would
you prefer to lose your hand or spend your life in prison?"

"I think I'd give the hand very serious consideration."

"You see!  Plus we don't waste our tax money on so many prisons!

Several of the Americans shook their heads and began to object, but
Al-XX ignored them.  Instead, he appropriated the remaining arak and
now produced a bottle of vintage port.

"More to your taste, Captain?"

"I take it you are a fan?"

Al-XX first sneered, "I listened to your speech," then laughed.

"You're still talking about ammending the Constitution!"

"Look in your own Bible: A beast comes out of the sea, men worship the
beast, asking 'who can make war against the beast?'  The sea is
humanity, the_beast_is_democracy!  That's it!  That's democracy!
You're not fixing it!  The most crushing military juggernaut ever, and
everybody thinks it's liberty and freedom!  Ask the people of Gaza
what democracy has done for them!"

"The people of Gaza elected terrorists..."

"The Jews elected thieves."

"No anti-Semitic rhetoric?"

"Of course not!  The Americans are thieves - Manifest Destiny, the
British and their Empire, the Germans - Lebensraum, the Russians with
their Warsaw Pact - all thieves!  The Jews are simply the particular
gang of thieves who have stolen _our_land_!"

Reginard: Well, they have a democracy.

Al-XX sneered.  "Democracy.  Israel is no democracy.  With their
racist Aliyah, they're as much a democracy as South Carolina was 1860.
Let's have an election.  Let every Jew vote and let every Arab vote,
too.  Let's see who wins.  Mercuriou's right.  You define your
majority however you want."

Reginard: We do not define the majority however we want.  It's defined
by law.

al-XX: So you didn't write the law yourself.  Fine.  Somebody did.
Obviously non-citizens can not vote.  Clearly the State of Israel can
establish its own citizenship policy.  You think it's all so cut and
dry.

But they're finished!  The Jews are _finished_!  Your own prophasy!
The third temple must be destroyed!  Islam will rule again in
Jerusalem!

Andrea: [whispering to Reginard] Where did you find this guy?

"Beats me," Reginard shugged. "They told us he was a moderate."

al-XX: I am a moderate!  If I were a radical, I'd have C-4 instead of
caviar in my flight kit!



Commander Reginard
Pilot Ashton McPhee

One of the other payload specialists, David something-or-other,
took Andrea aside.


---------

"Communism dies hard?"

"Communism _is_ dead, but not all of us believe that capitalism is
best."

"And democracy?"  /  "And what happens to the Jews?"

He shrugged.  "We're defined more by our limitations than by our
abilities.  All these people sing your hymns, talk about religion,
talk about forgiving their enemies, and then they go to work for the
capitalists on Monday morning.  Why?  Because they are
_defined_by_their_limitations_."

Al-XX paused to let his words sink in, then extracted a small vengence.

"Andrea believes that men can walk on water!"

"We can't walk on water because our faith in God isn't strong enough,
I think that's the only answer really consistent with the Gospel."

"A limitation of faith!  Or perhaps a limitation to accept reality?"

Mercuriou intervened.

"People can overcome their limitations, Major.  Booker Washington."

A puzzled look crossed al-XX's face.

"I'm sorry?..."

"Booker Washington," Mercuriou repeated.  "He said that we should
judge men not by what they've achieved, but by what they've overcome
to achieve it."

"Ah, and was Booker Washington defined by _his_ limitations?"

"Absolutely," replied Mercuriou after a moment of thought.  "He could
never accept how bitterly race has divided my country."

"Only Allah knows how bitterly it has divided mine."

------

Al-XX roared out a deep-bellied laugh.

"My dear, _governments_are_always_changing_in_Moscow_!"

"The difference between freedom and tyranny is whether
your government is the one changing."

"Goverments change.  Governments can be changed."


------

In the next few days, the crew had moved all their personal
belongings, along with anything they wanted to return with into OTV 2,
secured everything else they were leaving on the ship, and finally
fired the OTV's one rocket to drop towards a rendevous with the
partially completed International Space Station.

Mercuriou looked back towards his crew, grined, then opened the
pressure door.  For the first time in almost three and a half years,
they set eyes on someone else.  It wasn't who they expected.
