		CHARACTER BIOGRAPHIES

MARCELIUS MERCURIOU

The tragic hero, in the Greek sense.  His tragic flaw is his ambition,
driven by his hatred for democracy and capitalism.  He has to 'pay'
for this, but it takes form of his friend's death, and not his own,
because he's still around to be 'resurrected' by Andrea Yeats.

BURNS

The amoral technocrat.  Like the men who built the atomic bomb, he
facilitates Mercuriou's ambition without passing judgement on it
because it offers him the ability to excel at his technical skills.

VICTOR ANTONOV

American Indian heritage.

ANDREA YEATS

Symbolizes Christianity.  A super-hero in the Ayn Rand sense,
she has no significant character flaws.

Entered university at 17, majored in mathematics and graduated Cum
Laude in three and a half years.  Traveled to Europe, where she was
nearly killed in a swimming accident when she was trapped under a
wooden platform and became too disoriented to find her way out.
(Tesla'a accident) Nearly out of air, she saw in a vision that there
was a tiny amount of air just under the platform where it floated on
the water and survived.  A week later, she cut her vacation short and
returned home to enter a seminary.

Dropped out of seminary after a year and a half, despite excellent
grades, because it's theology seemed all too mechanical and she had
decided she didn't want to be a minister.  Decided to be an astronaut
instead, applied to NASA and was rejected.

She returned to school, got a Ph.D. in electrical engineering, doing
her thesis on a new mathematical system that could be programmed into
a computer to avoid round-off errors in simulations of microwave
circuitry.  Re-applied to NASA's astronaut program.  This time she was
accepted as a payload specialist and at the age of 34 flew into space
for the first time.

During her second (and last) shuttle mission, she had a religious
epiphany during an EVA when she witnessed a sunrise over the Earth,
was blown away in awe by the majesty and beauty of the planet, and
heard a voice in her head ask "So why are you up here?"  After
returning to Earth, she quit NASA and tried to rediscover religion,
thinking that the meaning of her experience was that there was nothing
for her in spaceflight.  At some point in the _Xplorer_1_ mission, she
realizes that there might be a positive answer to the question in her
head.

Are her parents still alive?  Maybe her father is dead and her Mom
lives up on that farm - that's why she stays there, to take care of
her Mom.  So she should call her Mom first thing in space, then Kyle.

KYLE BECKER

FRIAR DUNSTAN

CONGRESSMAN ECKS

Elected mayor of a major city at 22.  (Jerry Springer)

champion of capitalism

SENATOR WYE

champion of democracy

GOVENOR ZEE

sees himself as Christian moralist



Khalid Shaikh Mohammed - Sept 11 mastermind

