
The weeks dragged on into months. Nothing happened. The ship kept on its slow
coast back to Earth. Mission control kept on purring. Andrea kept on preaching.
Her audience started listening.

Andrea: "They're historical documents, Marc. Just because we believe
in Julius Caesar doesn't necessarily mean he said 'Now the die is
cast' as he crossed the Rubicon."

Mercuriou: Mercuriou studied her thoughtfully. "So how can you say all
this stuff with such certainty?"

Andrea: "I hardly say anything with certainty. A lot of these churches
say all kind of things with certainty. All I'm sure of is that Jesus
rose from the dead."

Mercuriou: "Why do you believe that?"

Andrea: "Well, I could point to all those first century source texts
you've got there that claim it. I could site plausible physical
evidence like the Shroud of Turin, or inexplicable miracles like
Fatima. Yet the bottom line is that it's just what I believe. It's
like asking why some people believe in science. They've got all kinds
of reasons, but it's just what they believe in."

Mercuriou: "Do you believe in science?"

Andrea: "Sure, I'm an astronaut! I just don't believe in it as a
religion, that's all! It's very useful, but it's got limits! We can
look at those stars through telescopes, but we'll probably never know
about life out there unless we invent a warp drive.  We can dig
through fossils for centuries; we'll never know how life was formed
until we invent a time machine."

Mercuriou: "I always thought it was a sham to keep rich people in power and tell
everybody else to be peaceful and non-violent."

Andrea: "Jesus does what he says; it's an integrated whole. He doesn't
just tell people 'give to all those who beg of you'; there are these
miraculous scenes like where he tells Peter to take a coin from a
fish's mouth to pay a temple tax. Why would he have done that if he
had any money himself? The man must have been penniless."

Mercuriou thought for a moment, then began sobbing.

Mercuriou: "I just can't do it, Andrea!  I can't go on!  I just can't live
with this!  I've blow the biggest thing in my life!"

Tears sprayed off Mercuriou's eyes; in zero-gee they couldn't roll down his face.

Mercuriou: "I'll live in prison... I won't do it!  I can't go on!  I'd
rather be dead!  Oh God, just let me die!"

Andrea: "What does God want you to do?"

Mercuriou: "He didn't want this!  He didn't want me to do this!"

Andrea: "What does he want you to do _now_?"

Mercuriou stopped crying.  He shook his head, then paused and thought for a while.

Mercuriou: "I can't do it.  I can't deal with this, Andrea.  I just can't."

Andrea: "Then ask him to let you die."

Mercuriou stared at her.

Andrea: "Ask him!"

Mercuriou: "He'll tell me no, right?"

Andrea: "I don't know!  Maybe he'll tell you yes!  You can ask him for
whatever you want.  If you're a disciple, you'll get a lot more of
those prayers answered."

Mercuriou: "How can _I_ be a disciple?"

Andrea: "You become a disciple when you start doing it his way."



Mercuriou: "So since Jesus came back from the dead... I should read
what we know about him and pay attention?"

Andrea: "Exactly!"

Mercuriou: "What should I read?"

Andrea: "Start with Matthew. Just ignore the genealogy at the start
and pay attention to Jesus and his message. Focus on the words in
red."

