
THE CHRISTIAN CASE AGAINST CAPITALISM.  CAPITALISM DISCRIMINATES
AGAINST CHRISTIANS.  HAWAII WILL STRUGGLE.  GLOBALIZATION.
HAWAII AS AN OFFSHORE PIRACY CENTER.

[ Ecks: A Christian!  So the thief has converted to God!

[ Mercuriou: If you don't have any questions about my speech, I'll just
[ turn off the camera now. [MORE CLEVER - converve my radio power]

[ There was a pause longer than the satellite delay.

Ecks: You seem to have quite an electronic library built up, Captain.
I'd like to suggest a book called _The_Wealth_of_Nations_.

Mercuriou: There's a copy on Gutenberg.

[ He produced a tablet computer and began reading from Chapter 2.

   In almost every other race of animals, each individual, when it is
   grown up to maturity, is entirely independent, and in its natural
   state has occasion for the assistance of no other living creature. But
   man has almost constant occasion for the help of his brethren, and it
   is in vain for him to expect it from their benevolence only. He will
   be more likely to prevail if he can interest their self-love in his
   favour, and shew them that it is for their own advantage to do for him
   what he requires of them. Whoever offers to another a bargain of any
   kind, proposes to do this. Give me that which I want, and you shall
   have this which you want, is the meaning of every such offer; and it
   is in this manner that we obtain from one another the far greater part
   of those good offices which we stand in need of. It is not from the
   benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our
   dinner, but from their regard to their own interest. We address
   ourselves, not to their humanity, but to their self-love, and never
   talk to them of our own necessities, but of their advantages. Nobody
   but a beggar chooses to depend chiefly upon the benevolence of his
   fellow-citizens.

Mercuriou: Now, is this what we're taught by Christ?  Is this moral?

Ecks: What's immoral about asking people to pay what something cost to
produce?

Mercuriou: 'Do unto others as you would have them do unto you' or
appeal to 'self interest' and 'self-love'?

Ecks: I'm no theologian; you can direct your religious questions to
the Reverend!  I just want to know what's immoral about asking people
to pay what something costs?

Mercuriou: Well you can't get away from the religious questions
because that's the whole problem!  It's a _moral_ issue.  We
are taught by Christ made generosity a lifestyle, not an option!

Ecks: [after shuffling some papers on his desk] So we're just supposed
to give away everything we've got, eh?

Mercuriou: No, but sometimes we must do that.  It is not _based_ on
that, though.  It's based on love, generousity being just one of its
most obvious forms.

Ecks: Most people have different ideas, Captain.  Most people think
that they can be good, generous hard-working citizens, expect that of
others, and still allocate their own finances.

Mercuriou: Hidden here is the assumption that everyone lives that way!
If someone adopts the Christian lifestyle instead, she is clearly at a
'competitive disadvantage' because she no longer has the resources
that are so critical to adjust and balance those finances.

Ecks: Well, if they don't want money, if they don't want the
advantages of capitalism...

Mercuriou: It doesn't matter; capitalism is _unfair_!  It
discriminates against people who are generous, and it also
discriminates against Christians!  You've built a society that rejects
Christian principles, discriminates against Christians who adhere to
them, and then claims to offer religious freedom!



Ecks: We don't arrest or execute Christians, Captain, some countries
do!  If some deluded "Christian" wants to sleep under a bridge,
let him!  I wonder if that's true Christianity, though.
[Again, direct your religious questions to the reverend.]
  I want to
talk about your screwball secession plan!  First came your idiotic
Martian Republic, and now this!  How will Hawaii survive without the
mainland?  Where will your computers come from, or is everyone going
back to eating poi?

Mercuriou: Hawaii will struggle, but needs to be independent.  Not
just politically, but economically, too.  States and nations need
economic independence, or political independence means little.  I
don't believe in globalization.  We shouldn't be trying to achieve
efficiency through mass economies of scale because then few places
actually develop their own technology.  We need to achieve global
economic independence for all nations, and that means nations
producing their own computers, cars, buildings and factories.  Hawaii
will have to achieve that first for herself, and then lead the rest of
world to achieve it for themselves.  We'll build a twenty-first
century library of Alexandria to teach them how.

Ecks: [shuffling papers] Sound like you want Hawaii as an offshore
piracy haven, where criminals can steal our technology with impunity!
How can we compete with a bunch of thieves?!?

Mercuriou: You won't be able to compete because your product is
inferior.  What you offer the world, under "globalization", is a
simple deal - find something you've got to sell, and then we'll sell
you our closed, secret, proprietary technology that we control.  I'll
offer them something better - all the software, the chip masks, the
factory blueprints - everything they need to build their own
computers, their own cell phones, their own data networks.  Now, which
of these two "products" do you think our "customer" will prefer?

Ecks: You do that with your technology, not ours!

Mercuriou: What, we're supposed live in the dark ages because you
control everything written in the last 70 years?  Forget it!

Ecks: We'll stop you!  We'll stop you!

Mercuriou: Go ahead!  Go to war!  To stop secession!  To stop data
piracy!

Ecks: I just can't... I can't believe that an American citizen would
push his own country to the brink of civil war.  I can't believe that
a _patriotic_ American would do that.

Mercuriou (laughing): You're too much!  All your talk about the heroes
who sacrifice their lives for the sake of freedom!  That's what it
comes down to?  We sacrifice when somebody else's neck is in the block
and then play safe when it's our own?

Ecks: You don't believe in those heros, _Captain_.  You mock them with
your voice.

Mercuriou: Believe in them!  I'm one of them!  I'm willing to fight
for my freedom!  I'm just doing it right here in America, that's all!

Ecks: [shuffling papers again] Why someplace nice like Hawaii?  Why
not Alaska?

Mercuriou: Alaska can secede, too!

Ecks: Get out!  Don't go to Hawaii.  Just get out!

Mercuriou: And go where?  Australia?  Europe?  Japan?  What political
power would we have?  We're not even citizens.  How would we get past
their immigration controls?  And why should we?  We're Americans.  We
were promissed freedom just like everyone else, and we can't get it
anywhere but here.



------

We need to drive these people out of leadership positions!  Let's
see these capitalists run their businesses without employees!

-------

Why should Costa Rica have its own silicon fab?  Why not just import
their chips from abroad?  It'll be a lot cheaper that well.

Well, the answer is that Costa Rica needs to build its own silicon
chips unless it wants to be economically and technologically
dependent on other nations.

-----

I have no interest in working with the capitalists.  I want out of
this country.  I want to live in a society of like-minded people,
people determined to build a gift economy.


-------
-----

Ecks: Hawaiian secession is as crazed as your space launch scheme!  No
way will it work!  No way!  You'll run out of food!  You'll run out of
fuel!  Where will your gasoline come from?

Mercuriou: Moving to economic independence will come slowly and
painfully, but it will come.

Ecks: Now you're talking like a politician!  A bunch of vague nonsense!

Mercuriou: Fine, then let me get specific.  I'll send my people out
begging Hawaiians to let us use their parks, their lawns, their
medians to grow corn or switchgrass to make ethanol.  It'll take years
to convert, and they'll be years of shortage, of lines, of rationing,
but we will produce our own energy!

We're not going to grow nothing but pineapples just to sait the global
demand for the fruit; we will grow our own food.  It

Strike capitalists!  Not just one company or another!  Don't work for
the capitalists!  Refuse to work for these people!  Make sure you work
for people that run charities and co-operatives!  If they are not
willing to abide by the law of charity, then refuse to support them
with your labor!  It's your labor that keeps them in power!

(use the old women and the rich man)

----

end of the foreclosure mess is when we stop enforcing foreclosures.
Or do like ancient Israel and discharge all debts every 50 years.

-----

------

Are you going to convert all of Hawaii's food production to local ag?

Not necessarily.

-----

I just can't beleive that you don't want to be President.

I assure you that I have absolutely no desire to be President of the
United States.

I just find that impossible to believe.



-----

How can I tell an author what they must do with their work?

Well, I live in a society that has sent armed men busting into my
home!  And now you're going to say, oh, how can I treat these people
so bad?  How can I violate their rights?  Easy!  I've gotten hard;
I've gotten tough!  What I say to the authors and publishers is this:
We are not going to send armed men busting into your homes.  However,
we are also not going to outlaw on-line public libraries; we will not
imprison people for making copies of books; the answer is NO!

"Just say NO!" It is the greatest contribution of the drug war to
human civilization.  That's exactly what we need to do, so many times
in our lives!  That's exactly what we need to do to the majority and
to the capitalists: Just say NO!

----

So people are just, just going to be allowed to copy anything
they want on their computers.

-----

We can't have people sitting around all day doing nothing!

For all your talk about freedom, you really don't believe in it!

-----

Bottom line - capitalism works, in the real world.

OK, so?  It doesn't mean we have to live that way.  Fascism worked;
communism worked.

Communism worked?!

You bet it worked!  In the real world!  It conjured half of this
planet and ruled it for the better part of a century!  Fascism
conjured all of Europe!  It worked!  In the real world!  Look right
here in this country - slavery!  (you don't even have to go to any of
these foreign countries) It worked!  The south built an entire
civilization around it!  It worked - in the real world!  So what?
It doesn't mean we have to live that way!  It doesn't!

I can't believe this!  I can't believe what... so... slavery
just... just... I, well... you just don't care how blacks were
treated?

Oh, I'm sorry, are we now making a _moral_ value judgement?  Sixty
seconds ago, capitalism worked in the real world and that was the
bottom line.  Sounds like that's not the bottom line on slavery.
Sounds like we're going to make a moral value judgement in addition to
this question of whether it works in the real world.  And if we're
going to make moral value judgements on communism or fascism or
slavery, or anything else, then why shouldn't we make them on
capitalism as well?  OK, so what, it works!  Why can't we say
we're not going to live that way because it's immoral, and we
don't care whether it works or not!

No, I am not advocating slavery.  I'm simply pointing out that you can
use the same argument you just used to advocate capitalism to advocate
slavery.  This is so typical of American propaganda.  We don't want to
discuss this issues.  What we want to do is take our opponent's words
and twist them around to (make the advocate what they never advocated)
obfuscate the issues and cripple the dialog.

-----

Include some stuff on propaganda terms - work, 'the people', freedom
and how their definitions are changed around by propagandists.
Propagandists use these terms vaguely so that they can wait for their
opponents to select a tack, then change the meaning of the word to
demolish the opposing argument by a trick.

[READ MEIN KAMPF]

-----

if you won't go along with the program, we won't export technology to
you

-----

Mercuriou: This man Smith was another Machiavelli!


-----

{the beginning?}

Mercuriou: Maybe I could be bought out for a research center.
Doesn't matter.  These issues have to be addressed.

ECKS: Ammendment 1 - Secession is allowed!

Don't tell me that after Hungary and Lithuania we're not going to
allow U.S. states to go free!


-----

You'll ruin Hawaii!  You're determined to do it!

-------
