

------

We need to drive these people out of leadership positions!  Let's
see these capitalists run their businesses without employees!

-------

Why should Costa Rica have its own silicon fab?  Why not just import
their chips from abroad?  It'll be a lot cheaper that well.

Well, the answer is that Costa Rica needs to build its own silicon
chips unless it wants to be economically and technologically
dependent on other nations.

-----

I have no interest in working with the capitalists.  I want out of
this country.  I want to live in a society of like-minded people,
people determined to build a gift economy.


-------
-----

Ecks: Hawaiian secession is as crazed as your space launch scheme!  No
way will it work!  No way!  You'll run out of food!  You'll run out of
fuel!  Where will your gasoline come from?

Mercuriou: Moving to economic independence will come slowly and
painfully, but it will come.

Ecks: Now you're talking like a politician!  A bunch of vague nonsense!

Mercuriou: Fine, then let me get specific.  I'll send my people out
begging Hawaiians to let us use their parks, their lawns, their
medians to grow corn or switchgrass to make ethanol.  It'll take years
to convert, and they'll be years of shortage, of lines, of rationing,
but we will produce our own energy!

We're not going to grow nothing but pineapples just to sait the global
demand for the fruit; we will grow our own food.  It

Strike capitalists!  Not just one company or another!  Don't work for
the capitalists!  Refuse to work for these people!  Make sure you work
for people that run charities and co-operatives!  If they are not
willing to abide by the law of charity, then refuse to support them
with your labor!  It's your labor that keeps them in power!

(use the old women and the rich man)

----

end of the foreclosure mess is when we stop enforcing foreclosures.
Or do like ancient Israel and discharge all debts every 50 years.

-----

------

Are you going to convert all of Hawaii's food production to local ag?

Not necessarily.

-----

I just can't beleive that you don't want to be President.

I assure you that I have absolutely no desire to be President of the
United States.

I just find that impossible to believe.



-----

How can I tell an author what they must do with their work?

Well, I live in a society that has sent armed men busting into my
home!  And now you're going to say, oh, how can I treat these people
so bad?  How can I violate their rights?  Easy!  I've gotten hard;
I've gotten tough!  What I say to the authors and publishers is this:
We are not going to send armed men busting into your homes.  However,
we are also not going to outlaw on-line public libraries; we will not
imprison people for making copies of books; the answer is NO!

"Just say NO!" It is the greatest contribution of the drug war to
human civilization.  That's exactly what we need to do, so many times
in our lives!  That's exactly what we need to do to the majority and
to the capitalists: Just say NO!

----

So people are just, just going to be allowed to copy anything
they want on their computers.

-----

We can't have people sitting around all day doing nothing!

For all your talk about freedom, you really don't believe in it!

-----

Bottom line - capitalism works, in the real world.

OK, so?  It doesn't mean we have to live that way.  Fascism worked;
communism worked.

Communism worked?!

You bet it worked!  In the real world!  It conjured half of this
planet and ruled it for the better part of a century!  Fascism
conjured all of Europe!  It worked!  In the real world!  Look right
here in this country - slavery!  (you don't even have to go to any of
these foreign countries) It worked!  The south built an entire
civilization around it!  It worked - in the real world!  So what?
It doesn't mean we have to live that way!  It doesn't!

I can't believe this!  I can't believe what... so... slavery
just... just... I, well... you just don't care how blacks were
treated?

Oh, I'm sorry, are we now making a _moral_ value judgement?  Sixty
seconds ago, capitalism worked in the real world and that was the
bottom line.  Sounds like that's not the bottom line on slavery.
Sounds like we're going to make a moral value judgement in addition to
this question of whether it works in the real world.  And if we're
going to make moral value judgements on communism or fascism or
slavery, or anything else, then why shouldn't we make them on
capitalism as well?  OK, so what, it works!  Why can't we say
we're not going to live that way because it's immoral, and we
don't care whether it works or not!

No, I am not advocating slavery.  I'm simply pointing out that you can
use the same argument you just used to advocate capitalism to advocate
slavery.  This is so typical of American propaganda.  We don't want to
discuss this issues.  What we want to do is take our opponent's words
and twist them around to (make the advocate what they never advocated)
obfuscate the issues and cripple the dialog.

-----

Include some stuff on propaganda terms - work, 'the people', freedom
and how their definitions are changed around by propagandists.
Propagandists use these terms vaguely so that they can wait for their
opponents to select a tack, then change the meaning of the word to
demolish the opposing argument by a trick.

[READ MEIN KAMPF]

-----

if you won't go along with the program, we won't export technology to
you

-----

Mercuriou: This man Smith was another Machiavelli!


-----

{the beginning?}

Mercuriou: Maybe I could be bought out for a research center.
Doesn't matter.  These issues have to be addressed.

ECKS: Ammendment 1 - Secession is allowed!

Don't tell me that after Hungary and Lithuania we're not going to
allow U.S. states to go free!


-----

You'll ruin Hawaii!  You're determined to do it!

-------


Mercuriou: You won't be able to compete because your product is
inferior.  Let's take, for example, Kenya.  Now, what you offer Kenya,
under the guise of "globalization", is a straightforward deal - find
something to sell, something you've got and we want, and then in
return we'll sell you our closed, secret, proprietary technology that
you'll have to pay out of the nose [CA] for.  What I'll offer Kenya is
something else - all the software, the chip masks, the factory
blueprints - everything they need to build their own computers, their
own cell phones, their own data networks.  Now, which of these two
"products" do you think this "customer" will prefer?


Ecks: Freedom for thieves!  That's what you want!  Freedom for thieves!

Mercuriou: What "theft"?  You walk into a museum and take a picture of
the painting, or setup an easel to paint your own copy, nobody calls
that "theft"!  You lift the painting off the wall, put it under your
arm and walk out the door - _that_'s theft!  What you call theft is
nothing more than education, and what you call virtue is a world where
knowledge is a weapon used to maintain an economic and technological
tyranny!  "Give a man a fish, he's fed for a day; teach a man to fish,
he'd fed for life."  Well, the capitalists have a new way - get a
process patent on fishing, then he has to pay you everytime he throws
a line in the water.


Who's doing to pay for it, Captain?

"The authors pay for it.  They write the books, publish them on the
Internet, give copies freely to anyone who wants them whether they pay
or not, and end up homeless on the streets, because most people take
whatever they can get for free, and slam the door shut on anyone who
can't pay."

-----

