

Mercuriou: Yes, and that's really the problem - populist government -
this stupid idea that you can put the masses of people in charge of
society.  It was talked about by philophers in the eigthteenth
century, brought to power in Europe and the Americas by a string of
revolutions in the nineteenth, and brought to fuition in the twentieth
century.  What it produced was fascism, communism, and capitalism -
three of the most depraved societies that have every been seen on the
face of this planet.  Fascism, based on brutal, viscious, racial
competition; communism, based on brutal, viscious, class competition;
and capitalism, based on brutal, viscious individual competition.  And
they have one other thing in common - millions upon millions upon
millions of people went chasing off after every one of them!


Mercuriou: You want to understand communism, read the last page of the
Communist Manifesto - let the world tremble in fear of a communist
revolution.  _That_'s communism - stick AK-47s in the hands of the
peasants and let the world tremble in fear!  That's what _millions_ of
people wanted!  Because communism was one of the biggest populist
movements of the twentieth century!  Practically every country in
existance had some kind of communist insurgancy!  They took over half
this planet!  Millions upon millions of people _believed_ in
communism!  To claim that the communists were some tiny bunch of
dictators flies in the face of history!  Take Vietnam - why were all
those 15-year-olds hauling AK-47s around the Mekong Delta if the
communists were just some tiny cliche holed up in the Kremlin?!  Take
China - Mao Tse Sung, the Long March, the defeat of Chang Kai Chech,
heck, look at Russia itself!  Then how did they win their Civil War in
Russia?  The Whites had all the old czarist military officers, they
had foreign aid from the United States and Great Britian, the Reds
were isolated and on their own, yet still they managed to win that
war!  How did they did that if nobody supported them?  If communism
wasn't populist, then why did forty percent of the Russian electorate
vote for Zyuganov in 1996?  Forty percent!

Zee: Not a majority!  Not a majority!

Mercuriou: Oh, get off re-re-repeat!  What's so sacrosanct about that
magic 51 percent?

Zee: Communism was a brutual, murderous dictatorship.  And I want to
be very clear on that word - dictatorship.  There was nothing populist
about it in the least.

  There are _millions_ of Russians who _to_this_day_
support communism!  And let's face it, the problem with communism
wasn't their economic system, it wasn't the structure of their
elections, it wasn't their lack of constituional guarantees.  The
problem with communism was that their leaders had some nightmare
system to be jammed down everyone's throats, and
_millions_of_people_supported_them_!

Mercuriou: The problem isn't Bill Gates.  The problem is John Doe.
Walk into one of these stores anywhere in the Western world without a
credit card or a twenty dollar bill in hand.  Ask for a plate of food.
See what you walk out with.  The fact is that the majority of people
are crude, selfish, and violent.  That's why communism came to power
in these backwards countries - if the people have nothing, tell them
to expropriate the expropriators at gunpoint - it sounds great!  Now
in the more developed nations, the majority have a lot more material
possessions, expropriating the expropriators doesn't sound nearly as
good, better to make sure that those who have can keep what they've
got.  Most people are selfish - both capitalism and communism play to
that, just on different sides of the coin. [CA]

Mercuriou: "It was the same thing with fascism, after the Germans
basically elected the Nazis in 1932, with a plurality of over thirteen
million votes!  They got enough votes to make Hermann Goering
president of the Reischtag, enough votes to defeat Von Papen's
government on a vote of no-confidence, enough votes to create a
situtation where Adolf Hitler was basically the only viable choice for
German chancellor.  Generally speaking, that means they won the
election!  You hear these apologists for democracy try to blame
Hindenburg for what happened, try to say the German industrialists
pushed him to appoint Hitler, or that his son was whispering in his
ear, what about the thirteen and a half million people who voted Nazi
in '32?!  Did they have anything to do with Hinderburg's decision?
Thirteen and a half million!  There isn't a city on this planet with
thirteen and a half million people in it!  And this in a nation of
only about eighty million total!  Yes, Hitler proceeded to build a
dictatorship, but a dictatorship with the support of millions upon
millions of people!  And don't try to say that the Germans didn't knew
what they were getting.  Read the first chapter, the first page, of
_Mein_Kampf_!  The part where Hitler talks about 'the moral right of
armed conquest'!  That book was a best-seller in Germany!  That's what
those people voted for - 'the moral right of armed conquest'!  People
supported the Nazis for basically the same reason people supported the
communists and the same reason people today support the capitalists -
because they were brutal as hell, and that's what works in the 'real
world' and that's all these millions and millions of people 'know'!
That's populist government!  That's democracy!"

Mercuriou: "What's democracy?  Another pile of books and theories that
sounds good on paper, and in practice has produced a depraved,
nightmare society.  Everybody runs around yelling about how 'the
people' support it!  Of course they support it - they're the majority!
Democracy isn't about putting 'the people' in control, it's about
putting the majority in control!  Why should one group of people rule
everyone else's lives just because there's more of them than anybody
else?  Why shouldn't the factory workers run society - they're the
ones who have to break their backs for industrialization, right?  Why
shouldn't we generically engineer some 'super race' of men, and put
them in control, huh?  I mean, they'd be stronger, smarter, healthier,
superior to us in every way, so shouldn't they be the ones to rule?
Isn't that logical?  Isn't that rational?  Let's face it - communism
and fascism make at least as much sense as democracy does - they're
all equally absurd!"


Mercuriou: The majority care about three things: getting rich, getting
tough, and getting laid.



Mercuriou: I call it the Paradox of Freedom: how do you give freedom
to both the Nazis and the Jews?  You can't, because if you give
freedom to the Nazis, they will murder the Jews!  The issue isn't how
much freedom this 'majority' has got.  It's what they've chosen to do
with it!  They've chosen to build a society based on some of the most
vicious traits of mankind; they've chosen the most selfish bastards as
their leaders, build some nightmare society based on greed, declare
war against millions of their own people because they won't just do
what their told when the great free democracy barks out its orders,
and then jam it down their throats at gunpoint!

Zee: We have laws!  What's the alternative?  To let every murderer and
rapist walk free, preying on their victims at will?  You'll call that
freedom, I suppose!

Mercuriou: So why do you have the largest incarceration rate on this
planet?  Does the U.S. have so many more murderers and rapists than
everyone else, senator?

Zee: Somebody has to make the laws, captain, and we choose to let THE
PEOPLE make them!  THE PEOPLE decide what crimes will be punished and
by what means!

Mercuriou: The People?  Again, you mean THE MAJORITY!  And we see just
what kinds of laws and what kind of society they want.  They want to
build all these super-weapons, arm themselves to the teeth, declare
war against their own people, send armed men busting into their homes,
make people so terrified of what will be done to them that they'll be
too afraid not to just fall in line and do what they're told when the
great majority barks out its orders!

Zee: So you're against democracy!!

Mercuriou: You're damned right I am!!

Zee: Well I'm not surprised.  At least you don't seem as dangerous as
Stalin or Hitler.  To reject majority rule is to reject the most
basic, the most foundational principle of modern government!

Mercuriou: A principle based on what?  Another election!?




Mercuriou: 'The people of this planet'; you guys don't even fool
around with 'the people of this nation' anymore, you're onto global
democracy!

Zee: Yes, the people of this planet!  You should speak to some of the
people who have lived under communism!  You should let them tell you
what it's like to live under a dictatorship!  Let me explain the
difference, captain, since it seems to have escaped you.  Democracy
isn't perfect; we've had a lot of problems in the past and we'll face
more in the future.  Yet our government is _responsive_ to its people;
we have the ability to change!

Mercuriou: Oh, the communists talked about change too, senator.  The
dictatorship of the proletariat was just going to wither away and
leave us with some utopian socialist future.  I'll bet it came as one
hell of a shock to a whole lot of people in Russia when it finally
dawned on them that communism was going to remembered for
_exactly_what_it_was_ and not some fantasy future that never happened!
And now I've got a 'web update' for you - you can talk change all you
want; democracy is going to be remembered for
_exactly_what_we_live_in_today_... no fantasy futures allowed!

Zee: I'm not worried about that comparison, captain, not in the least!


----


"It's not governed by the Constitution, not at all!  FDR got rid of
the last vestiges of the Constitution years ago.  The Constitution
says the President is chosen by an electoral college.  We know that
isn't true!  We live in a Game Show Government!  Our President is
chosen on a TV game show, 

"The Constitution does govern our nation; it's a living document..."

"Oh, it's alive all right -- it's on life support in the National
Archives!"
