
% EVERYTHING WRONG WITH DEMOCRACY.  CAPITALISM IS REGULATED.  GOVERNMENT
% IS RUN BY ITS PEOPLE.  [MISSING A LOT AT THE END]

Senator Patricia Wye had been a fixture on the Washington scene for
decades, first as a dutiful wife and more recently as a power broker
in her own right.  Seated comfortably by the fireplace in the Senate
Reading Room, she looked about her as the commerical break ran.  The
chair was positioned precisely; the coffee cup was filled to exactly
the correct level; an edge of the ornate rug could just be seen on the
video monitor.  She waited until the light came on before smiling, to
make it seem more spontaneous.  As she fell easily into a familiar
patter with Ecks, the cameraman noted that her frosted blond coiffure
hadn't changed in twenty years.

Wye: "Thank you, Rich, it's good to be back on your show."

Ecks: "Senator, what do you say to Captain Mercuriou?"

Wye: "Only that this country is run by its people, through their
elected representatives, and the capitalists don't simply own
everything.  If anything, it's the other way around - capitalism is
regulated by the government, though laws."

Mercuriou: "Oh, it's regulated, all right.  You've got laws to
regulate factories, you've got laws to regulate fisheries, you've got
laws to regulate farmers.  Has it ever occurred to you that maybe if
you chose decent leaders to begin with, you wouldn't need all of these
laws?"

Wye: "Well, we have to have laws, Captain."

Mercuriou: "Why?  I'll tell you why.  Because otherwise you'll have two
factory owners trying to 'compete'.  The one will try to run a clean,
safe factory, the other one will just dump his waste into the nearest
river.  The first one will go out of business, and the second one will
retire at forty laughing 'Ha ha ha, You can't _compete_!'"

Wye: "And we don't allow that, captain!  We allow free markets and free
enterprise because they are beneficial to society, but we also need
laws to protect the environment and ensure a level playing field, so
that good corporate citizens are not victimized by abusers."

Mercuriou: "'Good corporate citizens' - there are none!  A bunch of
'special interests' that lobby to for this restriction or that
exemption and you cook up some convoluted, five hundred page law that
gets another five hundred pages of regulations tacked on by the
bureaucrats - oh, it keeps the lawyers busy!"

Wye: "I think those regulations have done a pretty good job!  Would you
have us abandon the Clean Air Act, or the Clear Water Act?  We have
food stamps because we're not willing to let people starve!  We have
social security and Medicare because we're not willing to put the
elderly out on the streets!"

Mercuriou: "And who pays for it all?  More taxes?  Or just run it all
up on the national credit card?  How about a magician pulling a
kerchief out of his fist - think he can do it with cash?"

Wye: "We have to get our spending under control, but we are also not
willing to get rid of these programs because that would cut off the
truly needy."

Mercuriou: "Bottom line - if America is so great and so wonderful, why
do we need all of these government programs in the first place?"

Wye: "Because those government programs have a lot to do with making
our society great!  We allow free enterprise, we allow competition, we
give people the opportunity to earn a reward from their labor, but we
also have programs in place to achieve other goals, such as a clean
environment, a safe food supply, transportation infrastructure, a
minimal social support system.  Women and minorities need protection
against discriminatory labor practices, and our children deserve a
quality education that isn't based on how much money their parents
make.  Those decisions are made through a cooperative political
process."

Mercuriou: "That's quite an agenda!  Why do you need to do all that
with the government?  You talk so much about a cooperative government,
but coercion is the very essence of government!  Coercion is what sets
government apart from a business, or a charity, or an individual.
Government is either picking your pocket or twisting your arm, so
you're saying that we need a coercive society to acheive those goals.
Why?"

Wye: "Well, life is coercive, captain.  You're forced to build shelter
or you'll freeze.  You're forced to plow and harvest or you'll starve.
We have certain social goals that we achieve through tax funding and
government regulation.  We're also careful to check and restrain the
power of government through constitutional law and free elections."

Mercuriou: "Why not just put good leaders in positions of authority to
begin with?  Then you wouldn't need the government."

Wye laughed.

Wye: "Well, that'd be Utopia, but unfortunately we do need the
government.  There's always the criminal element who thinks that the
rules don't apply to them, eh, _Captain_?"

Mercuriou: "I've got a better idea - get rid of the capitalists!"

Wye: "How?  Like the Bolsheviks?  Should we use clubs, hypothermia,
or firing squads?"

Mercuriou: "Just stop working for them!  Stop supporting them!
'Just say no' to their nightmare 'system'!"

Wye: "Captain, most people _want_ capitalism!  Progressives have spent
much of the twentieth century convincing voters that some government
controls are needed, but most people want a path to prosperity!"

Mercuriou: "Well, then maybe your system of government is part of the
problem!  If the majority want a bunch of self-serving creeps to be
their leaders, then maybe we need to get rid of the majority!"

Again, Wye laughed.

Wye: "So now you're against democracy..."

Mercuriou: "You're damn right I'm against democracy!  It's one of the
most tyrannical political philosophies ever!  It's premise is that one
group of people are somehow entitled to rule over everyone else just
because there's more of them!"

Wye: "The people choose their own own leaders!"

Mercuriou sneered.

Mercuriou: "Which people, Senator, surely not all the people!"

Wye: "Yes, _the_people_!"

Mercuriou: "What about the two million people you've got locked up in
your jail cells?  Do they choose their own leaders?"

Wye: "We have a participatory democracy, Captain!  The people can
petition their government to change the laws, and if enough people
support them, the laws _will_ change!"

Mercuriou: "But that's not what you said!  You didn't say the people
could _participate_ in their government!  You said the people could
_choose_their_own_leaders_, but in fact only the majority get to
_choose_their_own_leaders_; everyone else participates, and loses!
Hell, I'll take 'participatory government' any day!  You participate,
and I'll make all the decisions!  What do you say?"

Wye: "Well, that would be a dictatorship, Captain, but I suppose
that's what you've had in mind all along."

Mercuriou: "What's a dictatorship?  Anything that isn't a democracy?
And then you talk about 'freedom'!  Turn on the T.V!  Watch the police
slam people to the ground and drag them off in cuffs!  Half of them
have done nothing more than fire up a joint!  That's your 'freedom'!"

Wye: "Yes, even _criminals_ are entitled to freedom!  We provide them
with lawyers, ensure them fair trials..."

Mercuriou: "Fair trials!  Senator, _I'm_one_of_those_criminals_!
Because I smoke marijuana!  Because I copy books and software from 'C'
drive to 'D' drive!  Because I don't concede to this blasted democracy
that it can control every aspect of my life, and all your
_fair_trials_ are is a convoluted route to a jail cell!  And then you
sit there are talk about 'freedom'!  What freedom?  The freedom to
invade people's homes with guns because there's a hundred million of
you and only ten million of us?"

Wye: "Captain, the entire operation of our government is based on
persuasion.  That's why every four years men contest to become
President, and the way they do that is through giving speechs, running
advertisements, talking to voters, and the whole point is to persuade,
captain, persuade, not force, people to vote for them."

Mercuriou: "So humanity has abandoned force and this great event goes
by the name of democracy!  Now why do you have the highest incarceration
rate on the planet?"

Wye stared at the screen, then tacked.

Wye: "Democracy is not perfect, Captain, but if you look around the world,
I think that it's the best we've got."

Mercuriou: "Well, since it dominates the world at gunpoint, that's not
really a fair comparison.  Anyway, judge democracy by its results!
The majority don't want good leaders.  No, I take that back.  They
want good leaders, but they can't tell the difference - they're
incompetent.  So they've picked about the most selfish bastards you'd
ever want to meet, with this nightmare capitalist system to be jammed
down everyone's throats, and they've backed it all up with the world's
biggest prison system and the most crushing military juggernaut ever.
And this time, nobody can say it isn't really a democracy, that one
man took over the government, that the dissidents were 'disappeared',
that we don't have freedom of speech or freedom of the press.  Nobody
can claim that this isn't really what the majority of the American
people want."

Wye: "Well, that's the bottom line then, Captain.  It's what the
majority of Americans want."

Mercuriou: "I don't care.  I won't accept it.  None of us should.  The
majority aren't entitled to rule my life, or anybody else's."

