Wye: (smillaughing) We have a long-standing principle, captain, that
states are not allowed to secede from the Union.

Mercurio: Oh, that won't be a problem.  We'll just wave a bunch
of orange flags around in the air.  You'll let us go.

Wye: (laughing) This isn't a [communist] dictatorship, captain.  We
live in a nation of laws.  You are not going to just make up rules to
interpret the election results however you see fit.

Mercurio: How are you going to stop me?  You gonna to crack down?  You
gonna get tough?

Wye: We will enforce our laws, captain, we will enforce our laws.
You're not the only criminal in this country.  Also, I'd like to know
what's going to be so different once you achieve this great goal of
throwing off our hated government.

Mercurio: First, I'm going to close the prisons and release the
prisoners.  Whatever problems we have in our society, we're not going
to deal with them by finding someone to blame and throwing them in a
jail cell.  And I intend to open the borders.  Freedom will be for
anyone who wants to come to Hawaii, not just for those with a U.S.
passport in their pockets.  In short, it's not just going to be
'freedom for us'; it's going to be freedom for everyone.

Wye: So some thug pulls a gun and kills someone, you're just going to
let them walk free.

Mercurio: That's right.

Wye: I don't know how many people are going to support that, captain.

Mercurio: Well, the alternative is a prison state, senator.  You've
got me convinced that if you let people imprison the most violent
criminal, you're next, because the majority will never stop screaming
for tougher laws and more jail cells.

Yates: Letting murderers walk free is not going to fix our problems.
It is essential that violence be addressed through ministry, and not
simply ignored.  I don't advocate a state church, but it is essential
that religion and spirituality be an integral part of daily life.
Furthermore, a broad-based rejection of capitalism is essential,
because when people grow up in a society who leaders are driven by
self-interest, it's easy for them to turn lawless.  On the other hand,
people are unlikely to steal from a baker who has a free loaf of bread
for them whenever they are hungry.


Wye: You can make all this nice talk about everyone should be good and
caring to each other, but the fact is that there are always people who
will abuse freedom, and for them we need laws.  Take the environment,
for example.  What are you going do when somebody dumps their garbage
into the river?

Yates: Well, we'll try very hard to ensure that people don't have much
motivation to dump their garbage in the river.  We're not going to
charge them to rent a truck and then charge them again when they get
to the dump.  We'll try to be patient and tolerant with malefactors.
And, finally, when our patience runs out, we'll have to find some kind
of legal sanction to impose against them.  But you do this backwards.
With your constant nickle-and-diming [CA], you incentivize people to
cut corners to save money, and then figure that the only way to
protect the environment is a bunch of government regulations.

Mercuriou: Let me add something - free technology isn't just about
free software, it's about going green, too.  What happens when one of
your capitalist gizmos breaks?  You toss it into the nearest landfill.
Now if the design is open, that device can be repaired.  The
capitalists don't want this.  They don't want technology that can be
repaired.  They want throw-away technology.  Instead of repairing
these devices, they want you to buy a new one.  Going green doesn't
have to be mandated carbon scrubbers on smoke-stacks.  It's building
clean, open, sustainable technology that everyone can build, improve,
and repair.


Wye: We're not going to let these sexual predators walk free to molest
our children!

Mercuriou: How many lives have _you_ destroyed!?  How many people have
you disappeared into your prisons for fear of what they haven't done!?
You!  _You_ are the predator!  You!  You and your _government_!

=======

Wye: "These people we have in our country who won't obey our laws"

Mercuriou: "Yeah, the majority has all this freedom..."


------

"These people who don't believe in democracy"

(what does BELIEF have to do with it?)

--------

This is basically everything that the majority of people oppose!

That's right.  So how do we get our freedom?  Is freedom just for
the majority?

------

Wye: this is one of the most basic, fundamental human rights, that
people have the right to choose their own government!

Mercuriou: It's a bunch of propaganda.

------

Mercuriou: You can define "majority" to be anything you want.

Wye: What whould you like?  Single party rule?

Mercuriou: How about a majority of the people who show up to vote?

Wye: No, no, we don't have those kind... there are voter requirements
that must be met.

Mercuriou: What requirements?  Residency?  So half the people in the world
can't show up, vote, and call the result a legitimate government?

Wye: Exactly!  There are age requirements, residency requirements,
criminal exclusions...

Mercuriou: Why?  Why shouldn't whoever turns up to vote be counted?
We should take you to task.  We should tell everyone who wants to
secede to show up in Honolulu by November 6 and vote!  Turn 'em away
at the polls!  Let's see how many American citizens who show up to
vote won't be counted!

Wye: We're not going to allow some kind of criminal ploy!  We're not
going to let a bunch of hooligans... we've got laws and they must be
followed!

Mercuriou: Senator, your hair is falling off.

Wye: (laughing) I don't know what you mean by that...

Ecks:  Actually, Cathleen, your hair _is_ falling off...

[by this point Wye has dropped the facade and is really answering
questions, at least at first]

Wye: Wh-What!!

A large section of her hair, apparently a wig, had in fact detached
from the top of her head and slid approximately to her left ear!
As she turned her head confusedly and started to grab for her hair,
it detached completely and came off in her hands.

"Oh my God!" she cried as video switched to Ecks.  "I can't
believe... I've never seen that thing before in my life!"

It was near end time anyway, and Ecks used the chance to run a brief
segment profiling _Columbia_'s fairly typical astronaut crew.

------

"It's freedom for the _majority_!  You're shocked that somebody else
would even _aspire_ to freedom!"

-----

------

You think you can treat everyone else like dirt that because there's
100 million of you and you all think the same way, that means everyone
else is supposed to be peaceful and non-violent and sit and take your
shit.

Nobody's every supposed to fight back against the majority, and when
somebody does, you act all shocked and say 'my God, why is this
country so violent?'

------

Is mercuriou willing to accept any democracy?

Willing to accept a limited role

Suspicious of the majority assuming more power

Examples: Estates general, U.S. electroal college has become a
technical excersise in vote counting, Commons is assuming more and
more and more power for itself

He's suspicious of whether the majority will ever accept a limited
role or will they return to their tired old refrain that they are 'the
people' and therefore entitled to rule over everyone else

[readers might not know what I'm refering to]

Ask mercuriou about Checks and balances

compare to a nuclear sub

Any group of people not willing to accept checks on their power by
some other completely separate group, outside of their control, are
tyrants.  It doesn't matter how many of them there are.


-------

Look at a map.  Hawaii should be the dominant central Pacific power.

------

Why don't you go to some other country?

Why don't you just give us a state?

Why should we do that?

You believe in freedom!  You'll just give us one or two states so that
we can live as we please!

That's the majority - you'll fight, fight, fight for everything, and
that's what everyone else has to do to contend with you.

------

I don't want you to have my land.

You want prisions to be built, but you don't want them build next to
you.  But you still manage to get them built.

I would be willing to build a new city.  The existing political system
means that I need my supporters spread out.  I need control of as
many districts as I can get.

-----

Is it worth the price you pay?  Is it worth it to turn your land over
to grow export crops?  Is it worth the lack of independence that you
can't grow your own food?

------

Maybe America will blithely ignore all comparisons to the Soviet
Union, blow off all domestic idealists as a bunch of weak-willed
liberals, and strong arm Hawaii into submission, but I doubt it.  It's
possible, but I doubt it.  On the other hand, maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe
the United States really is another Soviet Union.

-----

The capitalists basic philosophy is that you make people pay, and the
liberals basic philosophy is that you make them obey.  Neither is
comfortable with a leadership model where you ask people for their
support.

-----

Let a restaurant do like Friar Dunstan; let them put an envelope on
the table and ask people put the money in it.  They can't!  They just
can't!  It's anthema to their lifestyle; they can't conceive of a
lifestyle where you ask people.  They only thing they know - they're
just locked in this model - you refuse to do for people unless they
pay you.  You don't ask them.  You tell them.  You pay or the answer
is no.

It's the same thing with the liberals.  Their idea is you have to make
them obey.  There's also the paternalistic aspect.  Many of the
conversatives don't want government regulation of health care, but you
better believe that they want regulation of drugs, abortion,
immigration.

You can't ask people not to have abortions, you can't preach to them,
you have to _make_them_obey_.  It is the dominant model of leadership
in the United States.

-------

-----

Aren't you aware that the majority will decide this election?

I'm most certainly aware of that.  I'm not going to tell them what
they want to hear.  If I lose the election, I don't care.  I won't do
it.  I will not paper over my beliefs and tell them what they want to
hear.

-----

Democracy is in very serious trouble.  Its starting to look like it
will inevitably lead to a society run by the most selfish people you'd
ever want to meet in your life, where everyone is forced to work for
some depraved system.  And the reason is very simple - it's how the
majority of people live.  They're selfish.

The majority are not selfish!  The majority are hard workers!

This is the fraud of capitalism; the idea that you do for yourself and
the invisible hand takes care of everyone else... that actually, the
way to be a good citizen and help society is to be
_in_it_for_yourself_

-----

Even if we would succeed in taking over the whole country, there would
still be so many people so bitterly oppossed to the whole program,
then at least they can leave!  They're not going to like it, but they
can go to the mainland, and their opposition will be far more
embittered and entrenched.  It is best for everyone that those of us
oppossed to the leadership not try to fight for control of the whole
country, but rather take one state and leave.


-----

-----

Democracy is one of two things, and it means different things
to different people.  It's either a particular system
of government or its a philosophical principle that the majority
are entitled to rule over everyone else.

There's no difference.  It's the same thing.

No, it's not the same thing, it's very different.  We can certainly
have a structure/system of government without any conception that it
is somehow entitled to rule more so than any other system of
government.  All systems of government are subject ot the same tests,
and no one of them is special.

What tests?  The will of the people!

No, it is not the will of the people.  First of all, how do you define
'people'?  Invariably, the 'people' means the majority; its a
propaganda term, and, furthermore, its my belief that governments are
justified by the test of First Chronicles, by moral judgements on
their actions, and whether anyone supports them.  You have to look at
their actions to see whether their moral, just, and Godly.  These are
the things that determine whether a government is justified or
legitimate.

-----

So, you think that we should be governed by religious authority!  I
think we abandoned that a few hundred years ago!

----

What majority?  Majority of what?  Majority of whom?  Majority of the
people of the country?  What about a majority of the whole planet?  Or
a majority of an invidual state?  What's special about the country?
Well, basically, we're part of a given majority, the election gives us
the answers we want.  If we talked about a majority of the whole
world, we don't think we'd like that majority; we don't think we'd
like the leadership it'd produce.  We wouldn't feel like we were part
of that majority.  Likewise, a minority could form a majority in one
state.  We want whatever majority puts us in charge.

----

We're calling your bluff.  We're seceding from the union.  I can't win,
but I can cost you everything.  (another Prague Spring)

----

You underestimate... you don't understand the resolve of the
American people!

OK, are you willing to sacrifice everything to keep us as your
vassals?  Give up absolutely everything, any kind of political
credibility you've got left, just show the world an American
Tienanmen Square.  Do you have that kind of resolve?  If so,
I'm going to push it to that point and I'm going to make
sure it costs you everything!

----

You're all gung ho to conquer Afganistan and conquer Iraq, but once a
couple thousand American troops come home in body bags, then you don't
seem to have too much resolve anymore.  The majority always talks a
good game - they're always cracking down, getting tough, having zero
tolerance - they're real pushy, real violent, until somebody stands up
to them, and that's what it takes to make the majority stop and really
think if it's worth it.  Why does this drug war keep going, year after
year?  It's because it doesn't really cost the American public
anything.  If it cost the American public soldiers in body bags, then
it would be wound up.  That's what it takes to make the American
public wonder if this is a good policy.  The majority of American are
very willing to resort to pushy and aggressive tactics, and it has to
really cost them before they're willing to back down.


---

An elected exectuve, and we need to spell out the reasons why.

(in the U.S. case)
The presence of an elected executive might be its fatal flaw.
or it might that democracy is just too unstable to support anything.
But, it's definitely got too much power in the democracy and
not enough effective checks on the majority






-----

That son-of-a-bitch talks like he's running for President!

He is running for President, Dad... President of Hawaii!

-----